README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

Added fluid layout to the project

README.md, after:

# Project "Interactive Survey" 📋🔍

View the project: ([https://interactive-survey.com](https://find-the-agent.vercel.app/))

## Used Technologies ⚙️:
- React.js
- TypeScript
- Scss
- Redux Toolkit
- Redux Persist
- Google Places API

## About the Project 💻
The 'Interactive Survey' project is a dynamic multi-step survey that allows users to answer questions in a sequential format. It includes location search functionality powered by the Google Places API and ensures a smooth and responsive user experience.

## Functionality:

- **Survey Navigation**:
    - Created a multi-step survey where each page follows the previous one, with the ability to navigate back to the previous page.
    - Each page allows selection of only one option, except the first page which includes a clickable switch.
  
- **Location Search**:
    - Implemented Google Places API on the "Step 2" page for location search functionality.
    - Displayed the first 5 results in a dropdown list.
    - Introduced a 1-second delay before sending the request to the API after the user stops typing to optimize performance and reduce unnecessary API calls.

- **Button State Management**:
    - The "Next" button is disabled and gray if no option is chosen, ensuring that users make a selection before proceeding.
    - Once an option is selected, the "Next" button becomes green and clickable, enhancing the user interaction experience.

- **Progress Bar**:
    - Added a dynamic progress bar that fills based on user progress through the survey steps
